And The Last Lecture we edit our own validator and we saw this strange error code let's see what it
is up with this arrow code.
So right now this form is invalid.
This field isn't valid in the oral form isn't it.
I can still submitted though because I haven't disabled the button.
So we have a look at this.
We see the arrows property on our form.
If we open this it's now though.
The interesting part is if we have a look at our controls here.
For example user data and then there on the controls the user name here if we have a look at the errors
you see the name is forbidden.
True key value pair.
So this is where angular actually adds the error codes on the individual controls on the arrows object.
So we could take advantage of this by going back to the HTL code and fine tuning this error message.
Let's say we want to say the user name is required if the field is empty.
And we want to say this is an invalid username if it is invalid.
So all we could say this field is required here our current check will not suffice though because we
only check if it's valid in general.
So here we could simply wrap and Narberth span in there.
And check if
sign up for them get user data username errors.
If this has the name is forbidden error or if it does have is I want to say this name is invalid.
I'll also add another Spanne.
And here we need to find out what the actual message is.
If the field is required so all entered a text here for now but then we need to check what the error
message would be.
So let's quickly submit this form here and check on our controls user data and they're on the controls
the user name.
And there again the errors we see here the code would just be required.
So we can now check if it contains the required error.
Was in place.
If I now click in and out of there we see the field is required.
If I type and in there we see the name is invalid.
And if you type something well that we don't see anything.
So this is how we can use these error codes.
And of course you could also use Engy switch here or any agrah set up.
The key thing is to understand that these error codes can be used to show to write error messages.
And of course you can come up with even more complex set ups where you have typescript objects and your
types of code where you map error codes to specific messages and dynamically output them here.
This is the basic example the basic way of using these codes.